location is at Kuzhiyath Junction along the Kollam-Perumon Road (via- Anchalummoodu).  
Departments are:
Electronics and Communication Engineering
Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Mechanical Engineering .

All of our branches are nba accredated.
Vision 
An institution of global stature to excel in technical education, research and development for moulding engineers to lead competitive professional environment.

Mission
To mould quality engineers by providing them with fundamental knowledge, analytical skills, creativity, innovation, integrity and ethics to suit the needs of the society
To prepare engineers globally competent in technical and leadership skills to solve increasingly challenging technological problems for the betterment of the community.

Admission is through Central Counseling by the Government of Kerala, Candidates are admitted based on the state-level Common Entrance Exam (KEAM) conducted by the C E E, From 2003, 50% of the seats are treated as Government seats, and the balance 35% as Management Quota,15% of the seats are reserved for NRIs.

B.Tech Tuition Fee
1) Merit Seat 35000/-
2) Management Seat(Reserved for the ward of Co-operative Employee) 65000/-
3)NRI 100000/- .

Our Salient Features
We have excellent infrastructure, well-equipped laboratories and workshops,spacious auditorium, play ground , hygienic canteen.

bus services are available.

Achievements:
All B.tech Programmes (ECE & EEE & CSE & ME)Accreditted by NBA
Received Best Performance Award by MVR foundation, Kannur
IInd leading Institution in Kollam
Good Placement Record
Well established Institute Industry Interaction Cell (IIIC).

Placement 
we have secured 175 offers from 33 different companies Our major recruiters are 
Byjus,TCS,Infosys,Tech mahindra,WIPRO,IBM,Mindtree,ITC Infotech,applexus,etc.

There are different clubs functioning in college like IEDC,NSS,NCC,CSI,IEEE.

There is college approved hostels functioning
for boys and girls:
  for boys contact:thiruvathira(9987345886)
  mahalakshmi(9876885645)
  for girls contact:Evans(9943665542) .

The college is having a full-fledged library, It has a good collection of books to cater the needs of students and staff of the college
Adequate number of periodicals and technical journals are also available.

There are different sports activities present like football,cricket,volleyball,badminton court,basketball court.


Principal:
Dr Bindu S J .

hod:
Dr K S Angel Viji .

cgpc cordinater:
MUHAMMED AZHARUDEEN.

CSB TUTOR:
ANEESH A AZIZ